In this video I want to show you three important blocks that are used in signal rooting and symbol link
marks the max embossed from signal rooting library.
I will add Max and Max blocks
I will add sine wave.
BLOCK
game plop.
And scoop block
the max block is used to combine its inputs to a single Victor.
Output was one important condition that there must be the same type as output which is now more than
one signal can be plotted for example.
Let's see as a simple example of sine wave which we have built before.
Whereas a sine wave to again signal change the gain signal to 5.
So that to increase the amplitude of the sine wave by five when multiplied together and the output is
the first input to Max plot drag another signal from the sine wave simply by right click and drag.
This is a second input was the max block whereas amongst 2 a scoop only is a sine wave amplitude to
1 now runs a model
as you can see post the sine wave signal and 5 sine wave signal are plotted in one graph.
If you want again to separate these signals we use the max block I will copy for example two scoops
and takes the signal of the max from this model wire them
now run.
This is a 5 sine
and this is the sine
number of output of the max can be change it from here similarly number of inputs of Max can be changed
from here.
Now let's see the bus in some cases your system may have many signals and you want a way to keep everything
tidy and not having birds of Nest or wires running everywhere.
We use bus blocks bus can contain signals from different types
so at bus we add two blocks bus creator and bus selectors I will add another constant block
double click on the bus creator and select the number of inputs to be sweet
now where's a a of some pluck.
Let's make it three
the sine wave signal
and the five sine wave signal.
Now I have created a bus that contains three different signals.
I cannot wires a bus plug directly to a scoop because remember it may contain signals from different
type.
So this is the importance of both selector.
It's a block that connected to bus creator and it will contain the different signals as you can see
if I wired this to scoop.
As you can see it shows that this is signal number one so that you can have a better look on the signal
you want and this is signal number two.
Now double click the bus selector on the left.
All the signals come from the bus creator are shown on the right.
The signals that are selected I can add in a signal for example signal number one just click here and
click on signal number one and click.
Select that signal three and I will remove the signal
I will add another scoop
now run.
This is a five sine
This is a constant three and this is the sine signal in the next three to you we will look at selectors
and switches so see you there.